you have always wanted to be with others
together on a minecraft server
but you have not really played
Dared because you did not know exactly how
then our tutorial may be accurate
right for you, welcome to
our little nitrate beginner
tutorial
we want you in this and the
following videos will show you how to do it all
just your own minecraft server
created at the trave and this
manages also we show you the
later videos also via mods and
plugins installed
should you have any questions?
or something was not completely understood
so do not be afraid of your concern
to post the comments
We will try your problems too
But now it starts with the
first tutorial video have fun
to build your minecraft server
you go first to the side
www.zeit.de puts you an account
we assume that the
Registration no problem for you
represents and therefore go in this
tutorial not further
but you should have problems with it
so do not hesitate and write it
us in the comments so we can get you
could help you now that you are yours
account and you logged in
you have to have yours first
recharge credit
You do this in the following way
right navigation bar you click on
charge account
this will open a small window in
you either a given
Select amount or a desired amount
in the box provided
can register after that is done
you still have to go for a payment
decide
except when paying by
Bank transfer will be your account of each
chosen amount immediately credited
Now you have the appropriate amount
still pay and this point is
Checked out after your account
we want to be charged
devote to the actual server
you click again in the right
navigation bar on gameserver
order it opens a new page
you have to choose what yours
server is supposed to be for a normal
minecraft server chooses you completely
the public server out there on the top
public server basic no minecraft
can be installed and the eps
server for isport is meant as
next , the number of slots wants
this server should have
a slot corresponds to a player
So if you can choose four slots
four players join your server
just below that you can set how
own a lot of RAM of the server
should
for a simple server , that's enough
default setting off completely only if
for example, a very big world
or has many plugins installed
should one the memory of the
increase servers
lower down on the page, it is the
Select time to pay in advance
would like to
All you need is the regulator
to move right or left
until the desired time is reached
Choice here are 330 90 or 365 days
below you see the performance data and
the cost of the server if you have yours
attitude you have clicked on
continue
Here you will find the order confirmation here
you can all first again
check data
a little further down you can find some more
make settings
So you have to play the game first
choose which one on the server
should be installed so to
example minecraft pictures or bucket
right below that, you still have that
start date and start time
whose server is to be started
after all this is done
Just click on order now
and your server will be automatic
Installed
that was it for the first one
part of our nitra tutorial in the next
video we will be with the extended
settings of the server and how you
We can deal with this new one
Hope you liked this video
and helped if you had any
have questions then ask this in
the comments
until the next tutorial here on the
channel of gamers lp